[Music]
a common sense test that 88% of people
can't pass here on earth humans are the
most intelligent species around
we're self-aware we can think critically
and we're incredibly inventive but hey
don't let your head get too big while
you're probably super smart your common
sense may not be as sharp as you think
it is
don't believe me see if you can answer
these simple yet tricky questions don't
forget that the answers may be right
there in front of you remember to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click Subscribe stay on the
Brightside 1 okay let's start with an
easy one you have five apples in a
basket and five people to distribute
them to how can you give an apple to
each person while still leaving one in
the basket does your head hurt yet the
answer is actually pretty simple just
keep the last apple in the basket and
hand the basket with the Apple in it to
the fifth person to listen carefully to
these words imagine you're in an office
building and everything around you is on
fire just beyond the desk in front of
you is a door but flames are in front of
it how do you get out
[Music]
the answer well stop imagining the
beginning of the sentence was imagine
you're in an office building so the
scenario wasn't even real in the first
place you were just imagining it three
how can a man go eight days without ever
hitting the hay the same way you do he
sleeps at night the same answer would
apply conversely if a man can go eight
nights without sleep it's probably
because he slept during the day pretty
tricky right for picture this you live
in a barn while standing on the barn
roof with one of your roosters it lays
an egg in which direction does the egg
roll the egg doesn't roll anywhere
because there is no egg roosters don't
lay eggs perhaps the bigger question is
why are you guys on the barn roof five
this next question will put your
knowledge of marriage law to the test is
it against the law for a man to marry
his widow sister
[Music]
while it's not exactly illegal it would
sure be hard considering the fact that
the guy is dead a widow is the living
spouse of a person who has passed away
got you there didn't I
6 you may have to really wrack your
brain with this next question what goes
up and down over and over again but
never actually travels anywhere do you
give up
the answer is stairs you go up and down
stairs all the time but the stairs are
always in the same place unless of
course you're talking about escalators
which are moving stairs okay things are
getting a little complicated here seven
you'll love this question
it's all about money honey do you know
why 1968 pennies are more valuable than
1967 pennies well considering the fact
that 1968 is just one digit higher than
1967 that makes the amount larger and
therefore a smidge more valuable the
numbers are referencing the amount of
pennies and not the year like your brain
probably thought generally no matter
what your pennies were manufactured
they're all the same value 1 cent 8 okay
you're all done reading the morning
newspaper you take out one page and fold
it in half how many more times can you
fold it in half
[Music]
can't come up with an answer well you
can technically only fold the paper in
half once if you continue to fold it
you'll be folding it into force then 8
then 16 then you get the idea okay
now the questions are about to get a
little trickier do you think you can
handle it
let's put your common sense to the test
9 this is Tom Tom's dad has five sons
named 10 20 30 and 40 can you guess the
name of the fifth son the answer was
right in the question the fifth son's
name is Tom the question said Tom's dad
after naming four of the sons the fifth
one must be Tom 10 which weighs more 100
pounds of feathers or 100 pounds of
bricks you're probably assuming bricks
since they're obviously much heavier
than feathers but if you look a little
closer at this question you'll see that
the answer is right there
both the feathers and the bricks weigh
100 pounds it's the amount of feathers
and bricks that vary not their weight of
100 pounds 11 how far can you walk into
the woods
[Music]
if you're brave enough to walk into the
woods by yourself you'll learn that you
can walk halfway into the woods once
you've passed the halfway mark you're
technically walking out of the woods or
running depending on what crazy stuff
you find in there you've seen the Blair
Witch Project write 12 think you're a
whiz at math let's see if you can answer
this question how much dirt is there in
a 14 by 12 by 10 hole okay before you
get a headache from all that computing
I'll give you the answer
there isn't any dirt in the hole if it
were filled with dirt or anything for
that matter it wouldn't really be a hole
would it 13 here's another math question
for all you wannabe Einsteins out there
how many times can you subtract 10 from
100 okay let's walk through this one
together if you were to subtract 10 from
100 you'd end up with 90 so if you
subtracted 10 again well you wouldn't be
taking it from 100 you'd be taking it
from 90 if you took away 10 more you'd
be taking it from the new amount of 80
this means you can only subtract 10 from
100 once makes sense right
you know how Mount Everest is the
tallest mountain in the world right well
before this mountain was established as
the highest mountain in 1952 which
mountain was the tallest in the world
[Music]
racking your brain trying to remember
what you learned in geography class back
in high school well you're wasting your
time if Mount Everest is the tallest
mountain in the world today it was the
tallest 100 years ago
200 years ago and so on it still existed
here on earth we just didn't know it yet
still hanging in there ok I have a
couple more questions for you to solve
you can do it 15 think you're a
wordsmith do you let's try this question
on for size which word becomes shorter
after adding two letters to it
[Music]
wait a minute
how can a word become shorter if you're
adding letters to it that doesn't make
any sense
actually it makes plenty of sense once
you realize the word I'm talking about
is short if you add two letters to the
word specifically E and R the word
literally becomes shorter see it does
make sense 16 do you know why it is
illegal for a person who is living in
South Dakota to be buried in North
Dakota you know that burying a person
alive is against the law right well
that's why a living person can't be
buried in South Dakota North Dakota or
anywhere for that matter
nowhere in the sentence did I say the
person had passed away therefore they're
still alive and well that was a close
one 17 as you probably already know
different countries celebrate different
holidays but if you're in England can
you still celebrate the fourth of July
last time I checked the month of July
does exist in England that means they
have a fourth of July fifth of July and
a six of July it may not be a national
holiday over there but the dates still
exists however you may be the only one
in England craving hot dogs that day
[Music]
after attempting to answer all these
questions there's no way your brain
isn't tingling I know mine is if there's
anything you take away from this just
know that sometimes things are simpler
than they seem trust your common sense
and try not to think too hard about
things you're smarter than you realize
which question had your brain and knots
the most tell us your thoughts in the
comments we'd love to hear from you
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
Subscribe stay on the bright side
[Music]